c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\WorkersList.xbf
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.xr.xml
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.exe
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.pdb
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\WorkersList.g.i.cs
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\WorkersList.g.cs
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\WorkersList.xaml
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\WorkersList.xbf
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.exe
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.pdb
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\dawid\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\TasksList.xbf
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.xr.xml
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.exe
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.pdb
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.build.appxrecipe
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TasksList.g.i.cs
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TasksList.g.cs
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TasksList.xaml
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TasksList.xbf
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.exe
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.pdb
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\TaskAdd.xbf
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TaskAdd.g.i.cs
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TaskAdd.g.cs
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TaskAdd.xaml
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TaskAdd.xbf
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TaskShow.g.i.cs
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TaskShow.g.cs
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TaskShow.xaml
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TaskShow.xbf
\\files\students\s384013\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\TaskShow.xbf
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\TaskAdd.xbf
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\TaskShow.xbf
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\TasksList.xbf
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.xr.xml
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.exe
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.pdb
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TaskAdd.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TaskAdd.g.cs
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TaskShow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TaskShow.g.cs
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TasksList.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TasksList.g.cs
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xaml
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TaskAdd.xaml
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TasksList.xaml
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TaskAdd.xbf
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TasksList.xbf
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TaskShow.xaml
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TaskShow.xbf
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.exe
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.pdb
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\Lab4Workers.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\About.xbf
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\bin\Debug\TaskEdit.xbf
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\About.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\About.g.cs
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TaskEdit.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TaskEdit.g.cs
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\About.xaml
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TaskEdit.xaml
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\About.xbf
C:\Users\Maciej\Desktop\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers\Lab4Workers.Windows\obj\Debug\TaskEdit.xbf
